Docs lsp 06 10 2021 (#1713)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/integrations/ecommerce-platforms/lightspeed_app/faq/changing-internationalization.md

---
title : "Changing internationalization within Lightspeed eCom"
meta_title: "Lightspeed app - Changing internationalization within Lightspeed eCom - MultiSafepay Docs"
meta_description: "Sign up. Build and test your payments integration. Explore our products and services. Use our API reference, SDKs, and wrappers. Get support."
read_more: "."
---

> When changing internationalization in your Lightspeed eCom backend, make sure the primary language remains active/inactive while installing the app.  Lightspeed eCom requires a language, an API key, and cluster to validate API requests. If you remove the language used during installation instead of deactivating it, the app cannot communicate with Lightspeed eCom services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When changing internationalization in your Lightspeed eCom backend, make sure the primary language remains active/inactive while installing the app.  

Lightspeed eCom requires a language, an API key, and a cluster to validate API requests. 

If you remove the language used during installation instead of deactivating it, the app cannot communicate with Lightspeed eCom services.
```

> When changing internationalization within the Lightspeed eCom backend make sure the primary language during the installation of the app stays active or deactive.  Lightspeed eCom requires a language in combination with an api key and cluster as validation to make api calls. When the language used during the installation is removed instead of deactivated the app is unable to communicate with the Lightspeed eCom services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When changing internationalization in your Lightspeed eCom backend, make sure the primary language remains active/inactive while installing the app.  Lightspeed eCom requires a language, an API key, and cluster to validate API requests. If you remove the language used during installation instead of deactivating it, the app cannot communicate with Lightspeed eCom services.
```
